Alright, now let's install fontawesome 5
and replace this text with icons.
So let's navigate fontawesome.com
in here when I'm recording this video
The current version is Version 5
point one point zero. In this version you'll find very much icons available it is about three thousand three
hundred and thirty two icons. Though not all of them are free.
Here we can see there are one thousand two hundred and sixty four free icons.
And I think this is more than enough to be integrated in our application and the rest I can
here are Pro icons. Here you'll see that one I icon has three different styles solid regular and light
for our question answer application we will only need at least four icons.
So let's click this All icons
check these free option
and firstly we'll need caret up icon for voting up the question or answer we'll need caret down icon
for voting down the question or answer and then we'll need star icon for favoriting the question
and last we'll need check icon for accepting the answer as best answer. Now to integrate or install font
awesome five into your application at least there are three different options.
First you can copy font awesome CDN link and paste into your application's view.
Second you can download it
put it to your public folder and reference the style sheet or a javascript file in your application's
view. And the last
You can install it using NPM. From these three options
here I'll show you the last option because by using NPM we can then custom which icons that really needed
for our application.
This will save time when icons loaded in our page and it will make our page loading faster because we
don't need to load all icons.
All right
to install font awesome 5 using NPM firstly let's open npmjs.org
and here in the search box let's type Fortawesome
not that here I type fortawesome instead of font awesome because if you type fontawesome
then you will find font awesome version four point seven.
Now if we hit return
here we'll find some packages displayed. For this case
we will need to install
this font awesome core package
and because we will use solid font awesome so here we'll also need to install this package
so let's copy this installation command
and paste here
let's also copy this installation command
and paste here. And here
let's remove the second npm install.
Also we need to add D flag to tell NPM that this packages as dev dependencies or dependencies that
only required for development
while NPM installing these packages.
Let's go to
resources assets and js folder and inside this folder let's create new file
and call it fontawesome.js
here
firstly we need to import the font of some base package like this.
Import fontawesome from fonrtawesome.
Next we need to import the icons that we need. Here
let's import font awesome caret up
from font awesome free solid.
OK
let's duplicate this line then change to fa caret down
let's duplicate again
and then change to fa star. Duplicate one more time.
And then change this to fa check
Last we need to add our custom icons to font awesome library like so. Font awesome
library and
fa caret up
fa caret down fa check and then fa star.
Next
let's open app.js
And here let's import our font awesome dot js file like this.
font awesome
let's save all changes
now here in my terminal.
I'll open new tab
And run npm run
watch
and webpack will compile javascript file
here it say "build successful" and we can call
our custom icons in our view.
So let's switch to show.blade.php
and here we can replace this text with our font awesome custom icon.
Let's add `i` tag and then let's specify font awesome classes. In the prior persion we start with fa
but here in front  awesome five we need to start with the font of some icon type because we are using font
awesome solid
So here will say `fas` and then the icon will be `fa-caret-up`.
All right let's do almost the same thing to vote down
replace this text and change to `fa-caret-down`.  And last let's replace this favorite with font awesome solid
`fa-star`
saves that and let's have a look
here I thing this icon are too small
So let's go back to our editor and here we can custom the icon size by specify another class
fa and then the size
The size could be `xs` or extra small `sm` or small `lg` or large or we can also `2x` or two times
through ten times.
Here I'll try `fa-2x` and I'll see how it look like
I think it needs a bit bigger so I'll change to fa three times
all right I think three times is enough for triangle icons.
It's a big maybe two times.
Okay great
Now it's time to style our vote controls.